~ ls /home/$USER/.oh-my-zsh/themes/
3den.zsh-theme             kennethreitz.zsh-theme
adben.zsh-theme            kiwi.zsh-theme
af-magic.zsh-theme         kolo.zsh-theme
afowler.zsh-theme          kphoen.zsh-theme
agnoster.zsh-theme         lambda.zsh-theme
alanpeabody.zsh-theme      linuxonly.zsh-theme
amuse.zsh-theme            lukerandall.zsh-theme
apple.zsh-theme            macovsky-ruby.zsh-theme
arrow.zsh-theme            macovsky.zsh-theme
aussiegeek.zsh-theme       maran.zsh-theme
avit.zsh-theme             mgutz.zsh-theme
awesomepanda.zsh-theme     mh.zsh-theme
bira.zsh-theme             michelebologna.zsh-theme
blinks.zsh-theme           mikeh.zsh-theme
bureau.zsh-theme           miloshadzic.zsh-theme
candy-kingdom.zsh-theme    minimal.zsh-theme
candy.zsh-theme            mira.zsh-theme
clean.zsh-theme            mlh.zsh-theme
cloud.zsh-theme            mortalscumbag.zsh-theme
crcandy.zsh-theme          mrtazz.zsh-theme
crunch.zsh-theme           murilasso.zsh-theme
cypher.zsh-theme           muse.zsh-theme
dallas.zsh-theme           nanotech.zsh-theme
darkblood.zsh-theme        nebirhos.zsh-theme
daveverwer.zsh-theme       nicoulaj.zsh-theme
dieter.zsh-theme           norm.zsh-theme
dogenpunk.zsh-theme        obraun.zsh-theme
dpoggi.zsh-theme           peepcode.zsh-theme
dstufft.zsh-theme          philips.zsh-theme
dst.zsh-theme              pmcgee.zsh-theme
duellj.zsh-theme           pygmalion-virtualenv.zsh-theme
eastwood.zsh-theme         pygmalion.zsh-theme
edvardm.zsh-theme          random.zsh-theme
emotty.zsh-theme           re5et.zsh-theme
essembeh.zsh-theme         refined.zsh-theme
evan.zsh-theme             rgm.zsh-theme
fino-time.zsh-theme        risto.zsh-theme
fino.zsh-theme             rixius.zsh-theme
fishy.zsh-theme            rkj-repos.zsh-theme
flazz.zsh-theme            rkj.zsh-theme
fletcherm.zsh-theme        robbyrussell.zsh-theme
fox.zsh-theme              sammy.zsh-theme
frisk.zsh-theme            simonoff.zsh-theme
frontcube.zsh-theme        simple.zsh-theme
funky.zsh-theme            skaro.zsh-theme
fwalch.zsh-theme           smt.zsh-theme
gallifrey.zsh-theme        Soliah.zsh-theme
gallois.zsh-theme          sonicradish.zsh-theme
garyblessington.zsh-theme  sorin.zsh-theme
gentoo.zsh-theme           sporty_256.zsh-theme
geoffgarside.zsh-theme     steeef.zsh-theme
gianu.zsh-theme            strug.zsh-theme
gnzh.zsh-theme             sunaku.zsh-theme
gozilla.zsh-theme          sunrise.zsh-theme
half-life.zsh-theme        superjarin.zsh-theme
humza.zsh-theme            suvash.zsh-theme
imajes.zsh-theme           takashiyoshida.zsh-theme
intheloop.zsh-theme        terminalparty.zsh-theme
itchy.zsh-theme            theunraveler.zsh-theme
jaischeema.zsh-theme       tjkirch_mod.zsh-theme
jbergantine.zsh-theme      tjkirch.zsh-theme
jispwoso.zsh-theme         tonotdo.zsh-theme
jnrowe.zsh-theme           trapd00r.zsh-theme
jonathan.zsh-theme         wedisagree.zsh-theme
josh.zsh-theme             wezm+.zsh-theme
jreese.zsh-theme           wezm.zsh-theme
jtriley.zsh-theme          wuffers.zsh-theme
juanghurtado.zsh-theme     xiong-chiamiov-plus.zsh-theme
junkfood.zsh-theme         xiong-chiamiov.zsh-theme
kafeitu.zsh-theme          ys.zsh-theme
kardan.zsh-theme           zhann.zsh-theme



https://itsmeit.net/customize-terminal-ubuntu-lam-dep-terminal-linux.html
